Honey, I did you such a big favor.
Don't worry, I promise you.
It will definitely let you get and timely cooperation.
But sending your woman to another man's bed
That doesn't feel good
daughter
We are all the same
Do whatever it takes to get there
You are neither the daughter of love
No one loves you
Love only yourself
Our cooperation and win-win situation are not good.
Baby still you know me
But I did you such a big favor.
Tonight.
I'm so happy.
You're awake
What are you doing here?
I'm so sorry.
Don't be heavy that night
Don't worry, all the costs will be borne by me.
In addition, I have investigated it clearly.
I was the only one that night, Muse, and now I'm poisoned
Must be treated immediately
Oh, no sweat.
You're welcome.
I see you know a little medical skills
My family lacks a family doctor
I want to lie to you for a month
I only need to pay for it alone.
A month 100,000
If I work for a year, I can buy a house in Yuancheng
Then I can move out of the Qin's house to play
Good Chen family